Update release notes for v3.16.4 (#974)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise_versioned_docs/version-3.16/_includes/release-notes/_v3.16.4-release-notes.mdx

25 September 2023

### Improvements

- Added federation metrics to Typha, similar to our current federation metrics in kube-controllers.

### Bug fixes
- Fixed a security issue.
- Fixed an issue where the use of subPath in a volumeMount could prevent pod creation on Windows when Docker is the runtime.

> - Added a decoupling buffer between the Typha client library and downstream code. This prevents the Typha client from being blocked if the downstream code blocks for too long, and prevents timeouts at very high scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a decoupling buffer between the Typha client library and downstream code. This prevents the Typha client from being blocked if the downstream code blocks for too long, and prevents large-scale timeouts.
```

Author: This RN was taken verbatim from v3.15.4. I think that your suggestion changes the meaning of the sentence, am I correct?

Reviewer: Not sure what the original means.
